Assunto: These projects make the world a better place 
De: Devpost <hackathons@devpost.com>
Data: 09/05/2019 10:52
Para: Ricardo <ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br>
Reply-to: 
These projects make the world a better place 

Users publish hundreds of Devpost projects every day. Whether you're looking for inspiration or exchanging feedback, there's a cool project for you. Here are some trending social-good related projects that range from saving the environment to helping immigrants to feeding the homeless ヰヰ

 Flow Empowering the average household to reduce water usage.

 GimmeShelter 17-E Providing information about shelters and food banks without the internet. 6 prizes in 1 hackathon 

 Restyle Tackling pollution by allowing users to rent sustainable clothes made with high-quality textiles that are more durable and recyclable.

わ Human 2 Human A personal assistant to help immigrants grow their network, prepare work documents, and connect with communities while moving to a new country. F8 Hackathon - Best in Show
Explore Trending Projects
Hacker's Choice Winners - May 9, 2019
 H2KNOW How much water do you use? It's time for you to H2KNOW!

 Vital Tracking the vitals of plants to help you enter botany easier. 

Tip: Don't forget to share your projects with your friends - your project could be our next Hacker's Choice.
Featured Hackathons

NEW!! BUIDL Boston - A Blockchain Hackathon

BUIDL Boston is designed to help entrepreneurs, students, and professionals connect, meet, and learn about building real solutions using blockchain. BUIDL is challenging you to build a blockchain-based prototype for an impactful solution you'll be proposing. Check out one of the tracks inspired by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for inspiration. 

Prizes: $3,750 in prizes
Submission Deadline: May 25th

NEW!! The Bitcoin Games

The Bitcoin Games is designed to incubate the next evolution of the BTC community. This challenge is calling upon developers and multimedia creatives to build a technical hack using the Lightning or Liquid Network or create a compelling video to encompass the Bitcoin community.  

All eligible participants that submit projects meeting the submission requirements will receive a free ticket to Bitcoin 2019. So what are you waiting for? Get started today!

Prizes: $27,000 in prizes + promotion of your project
Submission Deadline: June 9th

NEW!! Can't Be Evil 

Push a new era forward by building Blockstack apps that Can't Be Evil.

In this challenge, you'll help end data breaches, predatory ad models, and the commoditization and abuse of individuals' digital identities. Build an application that is private by default, leaves the user in full control of their data, and protects their digital rights. Make sure to check out the resources and categories - you can win in up to two categories with a single entry.

Prizes: Over $15,000 in prizes and experiences
Submission Deadline: June 30th 

NEW!! UiPath Power Up Automation

Push the boundaries in automation with the next generation of software robots with UiPath!

UiPath is on a mission to help developers automate repetitive workplace processes and to increase employee productivity. In this competition, you'll build open-sourced, reusable components using the UiPath Studio for a chance at over $50,000 in cash and prizes. Check out the various categories and start building today!

Prizes: $50,000 in prizes + promotion of your application
Submission Deadline: July 8th
Local hackathons in MayJuly

    Hacktival 2019, Karlsruhe, Germany
    New Futures Hackathon for Disaster Resilience, Newcastle, Australia
    Mt. Hacks, Walnut, CA
    Copernicus Hackathon Ireland, Galway, Ireland
    HackDelft 2019, Delft, Netherlands
    BUIDL - Boston Blockchain Week Hackathon, Boston, MA
    Consensus 2019 Building Blocks Hackathon, New York, NY
    E-bloc Climate Change Challenge, Redlands, CA
    Loki Hackathon @ NY Blockhain Week, New York, NY
    SunCode 2019, Oakland, CA
    OmniHacks, Fremont, CA
    Open Source ERP Hackathon, New York, NY
    Teens in AI Hackathon - London Tech Week, Greater London, United Kingdom
    Fast&Hack, Oued Smar, Algeria
    CryptoChicks Blockchain and AI Hackathon and Conference 2019 in Toronto, Canada, Toronto, Canada
    uwEnergyHacks, Waterloo, Canada
    qchack, San Diego, California
    HackHunterdon, Flemington, NJ
    AIHacks, Los Angeles, CA
    National Blockchain Challenge, Singapore, Singapore
    T-Labs White Night Blockchain Hackathon w/ T-Systems & Fetch.AI, Saint Petersburg, Russia

Find a Hackathon Near You






This email was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br
why did I get this?    unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences
Devpost, Inc. 路 222 Broadway 路 19th Floor 路 New York, NY 10038 路 USA

