Assunto: [CodinGame Newsletter] Bit Runner 2048, A Code of Ice & Fire, and more...
De: "Thibaud (from CodinGame)" <thibaud@codingame.com>
Data: 30/04/2019 11:01
Para: ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br
Reply-to: thibaud@codingame.com

 
	NEWSLETTER #7
April 2019
Unofficial Contest: Bit Runner 2048
Bit Runner 2048 was submitted to become the next official community contest but, after due reflection, we decided to decline the prototype. It didn't quite match our community contest guidelines, but it's still a great game and I'm very happy that the authors (Agade, Illedan and pb4) decided to promote it by organizing the first unofficial community contest.

It has already started, and will last till May 12. Perfect for some practice before the next official contest. Have fun!

Cheers,
Thibaud

I'm still looking for the next official creator team (for a contest during the summer). Feel free to contact me if you have a working prototype! You'll find the guidelines here.
PLAY BIT RUNNER 2048
This newsletter was brought to you by CodinGame for Work.



Assessing developers based on technical skills, not resumes.
	
A Code of Ice & Fire
In honor of the final season of Game of Thrones, we're hosting our own epic battle with dragons and code on May 17. We're still working on the game with the creators, Azkellas and Tehelka.
If you haven't already, register for the contest.
 
	
Programming Languages Update
We've updated the versions of languages. We've been experiencing performance issues with Java 11 since the update. Despite several attempts, we haven't found the cause yet. We've decided to fall back on Java 8, awaiting further investigation.
 
	
[Poll] Next Language to Support
The last language we added to CodinGame was Kotlin, over a year ago. To get a better idea of the languages you'd like to use, I've set up a simple poll in the forum.
Vote for the languages you'd like us to support.
     
A question, a problem? You can always reach us at
helpdesk@codingame.com
© CodinGame 2019
Don't want to receive these emails any longer? Unsubscribe here or manage preferences.
