Assunto: Winning hackathon project tips from the pros - Part 1/3  
De: Devpost <hackathons@devpost.com>
Data: 23/05/2019 16:40
Para: Ricardo <ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br>
Reply-to: 
Winning hackathon project tips from the pros - Part 1/3  
This week were starting a 3 part series that will feature advice for winning hackathons. Over the next few weeks youll hear from:

    Hackers and Organizers
    Our own hackathon experts at Devpost
    Judges

We asked expert hackers and organizers what it takes to make a winning project. Heres what they had to say: 

 Stick to your story. To me its always the best pitch that wins. Stick to a single-track story that covers your ideas main selling points and is presented entirely through a demo of your product.  - Stuart Olivera F8 Hackathon Winner

撅 Build what you care about. Really throw your passion and personal experiences into your vision for your project. If you can find that emotional connection or passion you can move mountains within those mere 24 hours. - Chris B. MLH Coach / Hackathon Organizer

 Just keep building. No matter what, focus on creating value, and finish your project. When it isn't working out, pivot or re-align the goals of your project to what you can realistically wrap up in what time you have. - Yosun Chang Hacker Extraordinaire

 Teamwork makes the dream work. Be open to new suggestions and compromise when working with a team whom youve never worked with before.  - David Quach Hacker, Maker, Organizer

 Presentation, impact, and having fun. Most of the time winning consists of strong presentation skills, nicely designed wow factors, and a dash of good luck. Most importantly, you need to have fun and learn! - Sneha Vaswani Hacker, Organizer, Apple Engineer Ninja

Stay tuned next week for tips from the Devpost team 
Find a Hackathon and Win
Hacker's Choice Winners - May 23, 2019

 Sensor Controlled - Against Art 13: A Muliplayer game platform, implemented as a small game against article 13

 Block Art - Crypto Art Transactions on iOS with Open Law, Quorum, and Azure

锔 MEMIC - ZEPETO Render API Track section & NAVER Cloud AI Service - Position Estimation API Track section
Featured Hackathons
NEW!! MOBI Grand Challenge Phase II - Citopia

Imagine a new city environment that uses technology that guarantees safe and congestion free transportation, creates smarter energy infrastructure, improves sustainability, protects the environment, and enhances quality of life for their citizens. 

Citopia explores new solutions for human mobility to create smarter and greener cities while improving quality of life through the use of a blockchain powered mobility marketplace app. 

The Mobi Grand Challenge Phase II - Citopia challenges you to submit a DAPP (built with functioning blockchain software) that will plug into Citopia via APIs. Check out the resources available and start building!

Prizes: $6,500 in cash prizes + more (additional prizes TBA)
Submission Deadline: September 2nd

BUIDL Boston - A Blockchain Hackathon

BUIDL Boston is designed to help entrepreneurs, students, and professionals connect, meet, and learn about building real solutions using blockchain. BUIDL is challenging you to build a blockchain-based prototype for an impactful solution you'll be proposing. Check out one of the tracks inspired by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for inspiration. 

Prizes: $3,750 in prizes
Submission Deadline: May 25th

The Bitcoin Games

The Bitcoin Games is designed to incubate the next evolution of the BTC community. This challenge is calling upon developers and multimedia creatives to build a technical hack using the Lightning or Liquid Network or create a compelling video to encompass the Bitcoin community.  

All eligible participants that submit projects meeting the submission requirements will receive a free ticket to Bitcoin 2019. So what are you waiting for? Get started today!

Prizes: $27,000 in prizes + promotion of your project
Submission Deadline: June 9th

Can't Be Evil 

Push a new era forward by building Blockstack apps that Can't Be Evil.

In this challenge, you'll help end data breaches, predatory ad models, and the commoditization and abuse of individuals' digital identities. Build an application that is private by default, leaves the user in full control of their data, and protects their digital rights. Make sure to check out the resources and categories - you can win in up to two categories with a single entry.

Prizes: Over $15,000 in prizes and experiences
Submission Deadline: June 30th 

UiPath Power Up Automation

Push the boundaries in automation with the next generation of software robots with UiPath!

UiPath is on a mission to help developers automate repetitive workplace processes and to increase employee productivity. In this competition, you'll build open-sourced, reusable components using the UiPath Studio for a chance at over $50,000 in cash and prizes. Check out the various categories and start building today!

Prizes: $50,000 in prizes + promotion of your application
Submission Deadline: July 8th

Wallifornia MusicTech 2019 Hackathon

The third annual Wallifornia MusicTech Hackathon is happening on July 2-3 in Liege, Belgium and we'd love to have you join us!

Coders, engineers, and developers will be building innovative projects for the music industry alongside artists and industry mentors.

The winning team this year will receive passes for all five days of the Wallifornia MusicTech Conference plus the Les Ardentes Music Festival.  All hackers will receive passes for the Wallifornia MusicTech Conference on July 3. More great prizes to be announced soon.

Submission Open Soon: July 2-3, 2019
Location: Li猫ge, Belgium
Local hackathons in MayJuly

    Fastcampus School # Pairhack, South Korea
    SURGE Bangkok, Khwaeng Khlong Ton Sai, Thailand
    TeenHacks LI - Spring 2019, Old Westbury, NY
    Ethereummadrid Hackathon 2019, Madrid, Spain
    Teens in AI Hackathon - London Tech Week, Greater London, United Kingdom
    Fast&Hack, Oued Smar, Algeria
    HackMann, The Bronx, NY
    CryptoChicks Blockchain and AI Hackathon and Conference 2019 in Toronto, Canada, Toronto, Canada
    uwEnergyHacks, Waterloo, Canada
    qchack, San Diego, California
    HackHunterdon, Flemington, NJ
    What the \'Hack\' for seniors!, Salmo, Canada
    HarrisburgHacks, Harrisburg, PA
    National Blockchain Challenge, Singapore, Singapore
    Hack Coworking London 2019, Greater London, United Kingdom
    AIHacks, Los Angeles, CA
    T-Labs White Night Blockchain Hackathon w/ T-Systems & Fetch.AI, Saint Petersburg, Russia
    Facebook Developer Circle: Mombasa Hackathon, Mombasa, Kenya
    KVision x VIISA Hackathon: Building Co-Innovation, Qu岷n 1, Vietnam
    Safety Labs Inc, Ogdensburg, NY

Find a Hackathon Near You






This email was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br
why did I get this?    unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences
Devpost, Inc. 路 222 Broadway 路 19th Floor 路 New York, NY 10038 路 USA

