Best-Selling Solutions 60% OFF - Delete/Format Recovery, Clone/Partition SSD and Automatic Backup.
EaseUS <newsletter@easeus.com>

View this email in your browser
Please add newsletter@easeus.com to your address book to ensure that you can receive all EaseUS mails. If you do not wish to receive any more emails, you can unsubscribe here.
	May 22nd, 2019
The 3 Best Selling Products
Complete Data Recovery, Disk Partition Management and Backup & Restore Solutions for Windows 10/8.1/8/7/Vista/XP.
		
NEWEST VERSION! This special price is valid through May 25th.
Why EaseUS Is Your Choice?
EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard, being the Non-Destructive Data Recovery Software, is Your Best Choice.
EaseUS Software, a leading provider of data backup and disaster recovery and storage management solutions for the Windows environment, continues to provide PC and Server users the most complete and reliable products since its inception. Its data recovery software, EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard has won a Four Stars rating by a CNET Editor as being a safe and reliable data recovery tool for all computer users.
According to one CNET editor: " EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard is a cool tool that can save the day if you accidentally delete a file or have data that needs saving. I was impressed and it is great for users with all levels of experience. Most importantly it is safe and gave no harm to my data. This is the kind of program that everyone should have as part of their HELP!"
Check this tool out
EaseUS Todo Backup - Clone the Disk for Disk Upgrade, Data Transfer, SSD Migration.
It is an award-winning solution for a good reason: with detailed instruction wizards, your system, files, folders, videos, music will be in a safe condition within minutes without the help of an IT specialist. Besides disk cloning feature, Smart backup feature helps to perform automatic backup once there are any changes to the selected files. One click system backup and recovery, including the OS and installed applications. File and folder backup & recovery, including network data. Backup schedule for automatic system & data backup. Back up to CD/DVD, network and NAS.
Check this tool out
EaseUS Partition Master - Migrate OS without deleting partitions and data if there is sufficient unallocated space on the target disk.
One of the main advantages of using this tool for cloning is that it automatically scales the destination partition according to the need without you having to worry much about the details. You can migrate your system and boot partitions from a 1TB HDD to a 64GB SSD (or vice versa) for faster boot times, and the software will automatically take care of the partitioning.
Lastly, you can also manage dynamic volumes, doing which is not very convenient using the windows disk management tool. With dynamic storage, you can perform disk and volume management without restarting your OS. It can contain any combination of storage types as long as they are of the same type.
Check this tool out
Redeem Your Exclusive Code
Your Exclusive Code 40%-60% OFF

We give you 40%-60% discount for all products in the EaseUS Store. Copy and paste the code at checkout.
code:

2019



EaseUS Makes Your Digital Lifetime Easy.
	
DATA RECOVERY

-Safe and Fast

3 steps to recover unlimited data; lifetime use.

	  	TODO BACKUP

-Automatic

Back up system & data against from loss or damage.

  	  	 
PARTITION MASTER

-Comprehensive

DIY disk space: resize, create, clone, format, merge, etc.

	  	TODO PCTRANS

-Easy Transfer

Transfer data, applications, and account settings.

If you have any questions about this newsletter please e-mail us at: ellen@easeus.com

We Guarantee Your Privacy.
EaseUS will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information. Any information you give to EaseUS will be kept safely (Privacy Policy).

Copyright © 2004 - 2019 EaseUS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This message was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br by newsletter@easeus.com
12 F, Building 1, Idealism Center, No. 38 Tian Yi Street, Hi-tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China, Chengdu, Sichuan 610041, China

Unsubscribe from all mailings Unsubscribe | Manage Subscription | Forward Email | Report Abuse
