This Weekend 70% Off: Best Disk Cloning Solution, Upgrade Your HDD to an SSD.
EaseUS <newsletter@easeus.com>

View this email in your browser
Please add newsletter@easeus.com to your address book to ensure that you can receive all EaseUS mails. If you do not wish to receive any more emails, you can unsubscribe here.
	May 17th, 2019
Best Disk Cloning Solution
Upgrade Your Hard Drive to an SSD
― THIS WEEKEND ONLY ―
		
NEW UPDATE! This special price is valid through May 20th.
Switching from a laggardly hard drive to a modern SSD will make a huge difference to the responsiveness and performance of your gaming PC. But starting from scratch can be a pain, so here's our simple guide to cloning your existing Windows installation to a new SSD without missing a beat.
You can check out our guide.
Improve Your PC Performance the Most
Switching to a solid state drive will give you a nice speed boost.
	How can an SSD increase computer performance?
While RAM is fast at up to 27GB/s data transfer rates, software and data is stored permanently on secondary storage - HDD, SSD, USB Drive, etc.
SSDs are much faster than HDDs at reading and writing data. This should improve your computing experience top to bottom, with faster boot-up and load times, plenty of storage for all kinds of files, and more. Its own read and write speeds are pretty fast as well, at 550MB/s and 520MB/s, respectively. In addition, you'll be able to monitor your drive's performance and speed with the help of the bundled monitoring tools.
Learn more about our best disk cloning solution to upgrade to SSD.
	SSDs on pace to reach lowest price-per-GB ever by year's end
Solid-state drives are becoming cheaper and cheaper every year and 2019 is looking to be even better for consumers. According to market researchers at DRAMeXchange, 512 GB and 1 TB SSDs have a good chance of falling below 10 cents per GB by the end of the 2019. Average prices for consumer SSDs have been falling for six quarters straight by 15 to 26 percent and 16 to 37 percent for SATA SSDs and PCIe SSDs, respectively. Now is the time to buy an SSD if you want the cheapest prices according to latest market research.
Now upgrade to SSD with best disk cloning solution.
Redeem Your Exclusive Code
Your Exclusive Code 40%-60% OFF

We give you 40%-60% discount for all products in the EaseUS Store. Copy and paste the code at checkout.
code:

2019



EaseUS Makes Your Digital Lifetime Easy.
	
DATA RECOVERY

-Safe and Fast

3 steps to recover unlimited data; lifetime use.

	  	TODO BACKUP

-Automatic

Back up system & data against from loss or damage.

  	  	 
PARTITION MASTER

-Comprehensive

DIY disk space: resize, create, clone, format, merge, etc.

	  	TODO PCTRANS

-Easy Transfer

Transfer data, applications, and account settings.

If you have any questions about this newsletter please e-mail us at: ellen@easeus.com

We Guarantee Your Privacy.
EaseUS will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information. Any information you give to EaseUS will be kept safely (Privacy Policy).

Copyright © 2004 - 2019 EaseUS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This message was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br by newsletter@easeus.com
12 F, Building 1, Idealism Center, No. 38 Tian Yi Street, Hi-tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China, Chengdu, Sichuan 610041, China

Unsubscribe from all mailings Unsubscribe | Manage Subscription | Forward Email | Report Abuse
