Create Emergency Disk to Repair Common PC Problems.
EaseUS <knowledgebase@easeus.com>

View this email in your browser
Please add knowledgebase@easeus.com to your address book to ensure that you can receive all EaseUS mails. If you do not wish to receive any more emails, you can unsubscribe here.
	May 3rd, 2019
Hi there, this is Abby with EaseUS.
Today I’m happy to present to you our Best-Seller Package, available at a rare discount as an early Summer Sale. And I will show you how to use these tools to create an emergency bootable disk so that you can easily repair your Windows system and recover your data when Windows OS unexpectedly fails to boot.
Summer Sale
EaseUS Best-Sellers Package
Create an emergency bootable disk to repair system and recover
data when Windows OS unexpectedly fails to boot.
		
Buy Now
Useful Tips & Guides to Create
An Emergency Disk
How to Create a Portable Windows 10/8/7 USB Drive
Install Windows OS onto a USB drive then boot Windows from that drive. Keep your operating system in your pocket at all times. This way you can use your personalized system, with all of your programs and user settings, on any computer for remote work, troubleshooting and more.
Learn More
How to Repair MBR in Windows to Prevent Boot Issues
The MBR (Master Boot Record) is a crucial part of your PC’s startup system. If it is damaged, you won’t be able to boot into Windows and operate your computer. This straightforward guide details how to repair a damaged MBR and get your PC to start properly without reinstalling the OS.
Learn More
Create a Windows Recovery Drive to Restore System
The Windows system can occasionally become corrupted for various reasons. This will inevitably result in a crashed or failed OS which will prevent you from booting your PC and accessing your data. This article walks you through how to create a Windows recovery disk to repair the system and recover your data.
Learn More
EaseUS Best-Sellers Package
Create an emergency bootable disk to repair system and recover
data when Windows OS unexpectedly fails to boot.
Any questions or ideas on how to make this digest better for you? If you have any suggestions, please e-mail me at: abby@easeus.com.

We Guarantee Your Privacy.
EaseUS will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information. Any information you give to EaseUS will be kept safely ( Privacy Policy).

Copyright © 2004 - 2019 EaseUS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This message was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br by knowledgebase@easeus.com
12 F, Building 1, Idealism Center, No. 38 Tian Yi Street, Hi-tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, 610041

Unsubscribe from all mailings Unsubscribe | Manage Subscription | Forward Email | Report Abuse
