Take a look and you'll see into your imagination 
Devpost <hackathons@devpost.com>
Take a look and you'll see into your imagination 

Before the web, some kids made spaceships out of moving boxes, created robots out of K'Nex, and channeled their inner Macaulay Culkin to keep bad guys away. Imaginations ran free. 

And they still do. While too much screen time can harm kids, we see projects on Devpost every week that help young humans live a better, happier, and healthier life:

 Fuzzy Tales - David built an Alexa skill for kids that tells a fun story and teaches some important life lessons.

 CookieSmart - Paurush was inspired by his daughters to create a way to easily collect, track, and submit girl scout cookie orders. 

И Busy Hands - Cara is inspiring kids to develop an interest in STEM with different science projects using Alexa.

 bSmart Smart Diabetes Management System - Abraham developed this IoT device to help manage his daughters Type 1 diabetes. 

Are children your inspiration? Show us! Build a project using your most wild, playful, and spirited self. 
Explore Upcoming Hackathons
Hacker's Choice Winners - May 9, 2019

Ч Philly CleanUp - Clean our community and learn to code!

 Smart Traffic - Big Data Video Stream Analysis of Traffic Congestion and Violation.

 Commuze - Helping people catch up on their sleep during their daily commute.

 Moose - Smoother traffic, Safer life.

锔 Binary Board - A small, portable, programmable multifunction two-key keyboard.
Featured Hackathons

BUIDL Boston - A Blockchain Hackathon

BUIDL Boston is designed to help entrepreneurs, students, and professionals connect, meet, and learn about building real solutions using blockchain. BUIDL is challenging you to build a blockchain-based prototype for an impactful solution you'll be proposing. Check out one of the tracks inspired by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for inspiration. 

Prizes: $3,750 in prizes
Submission Deadline: May 25th

The Bitcoin Games

The Bitcoin Games is designed to incubate the next evolution of the BTC community. This challenge is calling upon developers and multimedia creatives to build a technical hack using the Lightning or Liquid Network or create a compelling video to encompass the Bitcoin community.  

All eligible participants that submit projects meeting the submission requirements will receive a free ticket to Bitcoin 2019. So what are you waiting for? Get started today!

Prizes: $27,000 in prizes + promotion of your project
Submission Deadline: June 9th

Can't Be Evil 

Push a new era forward by building Blockstack apps that Can't Be Evil.

In this challenge, you'll help end data breaches, predatory ad models, and the commoditization and abuse of individuals' digital identities. Build an application that is private by default, leaves the user in full control of their data, and protects their digital rights. Make sure to check out the resources and categories - you can win in up to two categories with a single entry.

Prizes: Over $15,000 in prizes and experiences
Submission Deadline: June 30th 

UiPath Power Up Automation

Push the boundaries in automation with the next generation of software robots with UiPath!

UiPath is on a mission to help developers automate repetitive workplace processes and to increase employee productivity. In this competition, you'll build open-sourced, reusable components using the UiPath Studio for a chance at over $50,000 in cash and prizes. Check out the various categories and start building today!

Prizes: $50,000 in prizes + promotion of your application
Submission Deadline: July 8th
Local hackathons in MayJuly

    Loki Hackathon @ NY Blockhain Week, New York, NY
    SunCode 2019, Oakland, CA
    Open Source ERP Hackathon, New York, NY
    Off the Grid, San Diego, CA
    BioHack 2019, Riverside, CA
    ETHNewYork, Brooklyn, NY
    FusionONE Hackathon, Greater London, United Kingdom
    HackHPI about://social.good, Potsdam, Germany
    Fastcampus School # Pairhack, Seongsu 2(i)-ga 3(sam)-dong, South Korea
    Surge Bangkok, Khwaeng Bang Lamphu Lang, Thailand
    Fast&Hack, Oued Smar, Algeria
    Teens in AI Hackathon - London Tech Week, Greater London, United Kingdom
    uwEnergyHacks, Waterloo, Canada
    CryptoChicks Blockchain and AI Hackathon and Conference 2019 in Toronto, Canada, Toronto, Canada
    HackMann, The Bronx, NY
    qchack, San Diego, California
    HackHunterdon, Flemington, NJ
    HarrisburgHacks, Harrisburg, PA
    AIHacks, Los Angeles, CA
    National Blockchain Challenge, Singapore, Singapore
    Hack Coworking London 2019, Greater London, United Kingdom
    T-Labs White Night Blockchain Hackathon w/ T-Systems & Fetch.AI, Saint Petersburg, Russia
    Facebook Developer Circle: Mombasa Hackathon, Mombasa, Kenya

Find a Hackathon Near You






This email was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br
why did I get this?    unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences
Devpost, Inc. 路 222 Broadway 路 19th Floor 路 New York, NY 10038 路 USA

