Assunto: Non-Technical Ways to Speed Up Your PC & Maintain Its Peak Performance.
De: EaseUS <knowledgebase@easeus.com>
Data: 05/05/2019 09:51
Para: ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br

View this email in your browser
Please add knowledgebase@easeus.com to your address book to ensure that you can receive all EaseUS mails. If you do not wish to receive any more emails, you can unsubscribe here.
	May 5th, 2019
Hi there, this is Abby with EaseUS.
All computers slow down over time. If you find yourself frustrated with long startup times, laggy apps, or a glitchy display, we’ve got your back. Now try EaseUS Manager Bundle to take your slow PC and, in a few easy steps, make your computer as fast as it once was.
Summer Sale
EaseUS Manager Bundle
Manage your Windows system, apps & hard disk data for
backup, transfer and PC performance optimization!
		
Buy Now
Tips to Make Your PC Run Faster
Clone HDD to SSD without Reinstalling Windows
If your PC is still using a mechanical hard drive, upgrading to a solid-state drive will offer you a dramatic performance improvement. EaseUS Disk Copy will help you perfectly copy every bit of information—including Windows system files, applications, folders, and all user settings—from one hard drive to another.
Learn More
Repair MBR in Windows to Prevent Boot Issues
The MBR (Master Boot Record) is a crucial part of your PC’s startup system. If it is damaged, you won’t be able to boot into Windows and operate your computer. EaseUS Partition Master can help you repair the damaged MBR and get your PC to start properly without reinstalling the OS in simple clicks.
Learn More
Clean Up and Defragment PC Hard Drive Regularly
More free disk space means a faster computer. However, your PC is creating all kinds of temporary files every day. But don’t worry! EaseUS Partition Master will help you perform regular disk cleanup and optimization to remove unnecessary junk files and enhance system performance with ease.
Learn More
Manage Your Applications to Speed Up PC
As a general rule, a clean machine with large disk space is a fast machine. However, many PCs are overrun with apps, games and other software. If you find applications take up a lot of hard disk space, finding a proper way to manage these programs will help you boost PC performance.
Learn More
EaseUS Manager Bundle
Manage your Windows system, apps & hard disk data for
backup, transfer and PC performance optimization!
If you have any questions or ideas on how to make this digest better, please e-mail me at: abby@easeus.com.

We Guarantee Your Privacy.
EaseUS will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information. Any information you give to EaseUS will be kept safely ( Privacy Policy).

Copyright © 2004 - 2019 EaseUS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This message was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br by knowledgebase@easeus.com
12 F, Building 1, Idealism Center, No. 38 Tian Yi Street, Hi-tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, 610041

Unsubscribe from all mailings Unsubscribe | Manage Subscription | Forward Email | Report Abuse
