Assunto: Partition Master 13.5 New Update: Repair MBR, Migrate OS to SSD, and Recover Overwritten Partition.
De: EaseUS <knowledgebase@easeus.com>
Data: 28/04/2019 09:18
Para: ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br

View this email in your browser
Please add knowledgebase@easeus.com to your address book to ensure that you can receive all EaseUS mails. If you do not wish to receive any more emails, you can unsubscribe here.
	Apr 28th, 2019
Hi there, this is Abby with EaseUS.
Today, I’m delighted to share with you that a major update to our partition management software has just been released – EaseUS Partition Master 13.5. Take advantage of our launch discount and be one of the first to experience the optimized user interface and greatly improved partition recovery & disk clone features.
Partition Master 13.5 New Update
Featuring optimized user interface and greatly improved
partition recovery & disk clone features.
		
Upgrade Now
What's new in Partition Master 13.5?
IMPROVED! Enhanced partition recovery feature
• Recover overwritten partition
• Save the last scanning result
IMPROVED! Better performance in disk cloning
• Clone system on the Bitlocker drive/partition.
• Newly support cross-sector disk cloning.
• Migrate OS without deleting all the partitions and data on the destination disk.
• Directly clone MBR Disk to GPT disk/SSD without boot issue.
IMPROVED! Optimized user interface 
• More streamlined and intuitive
Get the New Update
Make the most of Partition Master
Repair MBR in Windows to Prevent Boot Issues
The MBR (Master Boot Record) is a crucial part of your PC’s startup system. If it is damaged, you won’t be able to boot into Windows and operate your computer. EaseUS Partition Master can help you repair the damaged MBR and get your PC to start properly without reinstalling the OS in simple clicks.
Learn More
Move Windows installation to New Hard Drive or SSD
A good way to boost PC's performance is to upgrade to a larger HDD or a faster SSD. In doing so, however, you’ll have to move your operating system (and all the data it holds) over to the new drive. This can be a risky task and shouldn't be performed without knowing exactly what to do. Here, we run you though how to move Windows 10 to a new HDD/SSD without data loss.
Learn More
Easily Recover Lost or Overwritten Partitions
Have a lost disk partition? This article explores what might have happened, how to recover your partition, and ways to prevent future problems with your system. A step-by-step guide on using a recovery utility is provided to make finding and restoring your missing partition easy.
Learn More
Partition Master 13.5 New Update
Be one of the first to experience the optimized user interface and greatly
improved partition recovery & disk clone features.
Any questions or ideas on how to make this digest better for you? If you have any suggestions, please e-mail me at: abby@easeus.com.

We Guarantee Your Privacy.
EaseUS will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information. Any information you give to EaseUS will be kept safely ( Privacy Policy).

Copyright © 2004 - 2019 EaseUS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This message was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br by knowledgebase@easeus.com
12 F, Building 1, Idealism Center, No. 38 Tian Yi Street, Hi-tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, 610041

Unsubscribe from all mailings Unsubscribe | Manage Subscription | Forward Email | Report Abuse
