Assunto: Clone HDD to SSD, Backup and Manage Disk for Protection and Peak Performance.
De: EaseUS <knowledgebase@easeus.com>
Data: 19/05/2019 11:54
Para: ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br

View this email in your browser
Please add knowledgebase@easeus.com to your address book to ensure that you can receive all EaseUS mails. If you do not wish to receive any more emails, you can unsubscribe here.
	May 19th, 2019
Hi there, this is Abby with EaseUS.
Today, I’m happy to invite you to try our hot-selling disk cloning bundles and introduce how to use these tools to upgrade your old PC hard drive to a new HDD or SSD, create a recovery drive to protect your system & data, and maintain your PC's peak performance via proper disk management.
EaseUS Disk Cloning Bundles
― For Home & Business ―
		
Buy Now
We've Got the Right Solution for You
EaseUS Disk Copy
• Clone HDD to SSD without reinstalling Windows
• Replace a failing hard drive with bad sectors
• Automatically set up multiple new PCs
EaseUS Todo Backup
• Backup before and after disk clone for protection
• Realize backup & restore without OS
EaseUS Partition Master
• Repair corrupted MBR to prevent boot issue
• Maintain PC’s peak performance after disk upgrade
• Wipe hard drive or hide partition to protect privacy
Get the Offer
Useful Tips and Guides
Clone HDD to SSD Without Reinstalling Windows
Having only a small amount of free space will limit your ability to save new data and will cause reduced PC performance. If you’re considering the move to a larger HDD or a faster SSD to speed up your machine, EaseUS Disk Copy is what you need. It will perfectly copy every bit of information—including Windows system files, applications, folders, and all user settings—from one hard drive to another.
Learn More
How to Create a Windows Recovery Drive
The Windows system can occasionally become corrupted for various reasons. This will inevitably result in a crashed or failed OS which will prevent you from booting your PC and accessing your data. This article walks you through how to create a Windows recovery disk to repair the system and recover your data.
Learn More
Clean Up and Optimize Your Hard Disk for a Faster PC
More free space on your PC means a faster PC. However, whether you realize it or not, your PC is creating all kinds of temporary files like cookies and installation files, empty the recycle bin and browser cache, and get rid of a variety of system files and other items every day. Perform disk cleanup and optimization regularly will remove temporary files and save large disk storage space.
Learn More
Disk Cloning Bundles For Home & Business
Save Up To 70% - Sale Ends Soon
Any questions or ideas on how to make this digest better for you, please e-mail me at: abby@easeus.com.

We Guarantee Your Privacy.
EaseUS will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information. Any information you give to EaseUS will be kept safely ( Privacy Policy).

Copyright © 2004 - 2019 EaseUS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This message was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br by knowledgebase@easeus.com
12 F, Building 1, Idealism Center, No. 38 Tian Yi Street, Hi-tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, 610041

Unsubscribe from all mailings Unsubscribe | Manage Subscription | Forward Email | Report Abuse
