Assunto: Clone, Backup & Manage Your Windows System, Apps and Data - Special Bundles Offer.
De: EaseUS <knowledgebase@easeus.com>
Data: 12/05/2019 11:44
Para: ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br

View this email in your browser
Please add knowledgebase@easeus.com to your address book to ensure that you can receive all EaseUS mails. If you do not wish to receive any more emails, you can unsubscribe here.
	May 12th, 2019
Hi there, this is Abby with EaseUS.
Today, I’m delighted to share with you that EaseUS special offer on some hot-selling bundles is available. Now take advantage of our launch discount and choose your bundle to manage Windows system, apps & data for backup, transfer, PC performance optimization, disaster recovery, privacy security, and more!
Special Bundles at a Bargain Price
LIFETIME UPGRADES
		
BUY Now
We've got the right solution for you
Manager & Recovery Bundle
Upgrade and optimize disk to speed up PC and rescue valuable files from data loss disaster.
Transfer & Manager Bundle
Clone hard drive and sync files for system & data transfer, and optimize disk to maintain its peak performance.
Backup & Manager Bundle
Protect your system & data and boost your PC to peak performance.
Backup & Recovery Bundle
Rescue valuable files from data loss disaster, and make a regular backup for protection.
Get the Offer
Useful Tips and Guides
How to Clone HDD to SSD Without Reinstalling Windows
Having only a small amount of free space will limit your ability to save new data and will cause reduced PC performance. If you’re considering the move to a larger HDD or a faster SSD to speed up your machine, EaseUS Disk Copy is what you need. It will perfectly copy every bit of information—including Windows system files, applications, folders, and all user settings—from one hard drive to another.
Learn More
Speed Up Your SSD by Re-Aligning Its Partitions
After cloning an HDD to SSD or cloning your OS to SSD, the partitions may not be properly aligned which will result in slower performance. But the fix is simple and immediate! Use EaseUS Partition Master to re-alignin your SSD partitions for optimal performance and achieve greater speed in just a few clicks.
Learn More
Clean Up and Optimize Your Hard Disk for a Faster PC
More free space on your PC means a faster PC. However, whether you realize it or not, your PC is creating all kinds of temporary files like cookies and installation files, empty the recycle bin and browser cache, and get rid of a variety of system files and other items every day. Perform disk cleanup and optimization regularly will remove temporary files and save large disk storage space.
Learn More
Special Bundles at a Bargain Price
Lifetime upgrades save up to 75%
Any questions or ideas on how to make this digest better for you, please e-mail me at: abby@easeus.com.

We Guarantee Your Privacy.
EaseUS will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information. Any information you give to EaseUS will be kept safely ( Privacy Policy).

Copyright © 2004 - 2019 EaseUS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This message was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br by knowledgebase@easeus.com
12 F, Building 1, Idealism Center, No. 38 Tian Yi Street, Hi-tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, 610041

Unsubscribe from all mailings Unsubscribe | Manage Subscription | Forward Email | Report Abuse
