Assunto: Clone to Replace an Old or Failing Hard Drive without Booting Issues.
De: EaseUS <knowledgebase@easeus.com>
Data: 10/05/2019 09:55
Para: ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br

View this email in your browser
Please add knowledgebase@easeus.com to your address book to ensure that you can receive all EaseUS mails. If you do not wish to receive any more emails, you can unsubscribe here.
	May 10th, 2019
Hi there, this is Abby with EaseUS.
Today, I’m happy to invite you to try our superior disk cloning product – EaseUS Disk Copy and introduce how to use cloning to upgrade your old PC hard drive to a new HDD or SSD, saving a ton of time over manually reinstalling all the applications and reconfiguring the user settings.
Limited Time Offer
Disk Copy For Home & Business
Easily clone hard drive to upgrade disk without reinstalling Windows
and set up multiple new PCs with the same configurations!
		
Disk Copy Key Features
Easy PC hard drive Upgrade
• Clone HDD to SSD without reinstalling Windows
• Replace a failing hard drive with bad sectors
Quick System & Data Recovery
• Reboot and restore a computer to an earlier version
• Complete system recovery in the event of software problems or computer failure
Automatically Set Up Multiple New PCs
• Install the operating system and drivers, download software patches, and perform all sorts of additional configurations on dozens of PCs
Get It Now
Useful Tips and Guides
How to Clone HDD to SSD Without Reinstalling Windows
Having only a small amount of free space will limit your ability to save new data and will cause reduced PC performance. If you’re considering the move to a larger HDD or a faster SSD to speed up your machine, EaseUS Disk Copy is what you need. It will perfectly copy every bit of information—including Windows system files, applications, folders, and all user settings—from one hard drive to another.
Learn More
How to Fix Booting Issues on a Cloned Hard Drive or SSD
When browsing the internet, we found that many people are troubled by the same thing: their cloned hard drive or SSD won't boot. Luckily, in this post, we share common reasons why a newly cloned drive won’t boot and provide several fixes. Read through all the solutions on how to make a cloned drive bootable in Windows 10/8/7 and try the one that best fits your situation.
Learn More
Disk Copy For Home & Business
Easily keep your disk up-to-date, protect your system & data and
set up dozens of PCs with the same configurations.
Any questions or ideas on how to make this digest better for you, please e-mail me at: abby@easeus.com.

We Guarantee Your Privacy.
EaseUS will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information. Any information you give to EaseUS will be kept safely ( Privacy Policy).

Copyright © 2004 - 2019 EaseUS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This message was sent to ricardofernandes.8699@usp.br by knowledgebase@easeus.com
12 F, Building 1, Idealism Center, No. 38 Tian Yi Street, Hi-tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, 610041

Unsubscribe from all mailings Unsubscribe | Manage Subscription | Forward Email | Report Abuse
